We finished our recipe book here we're going to improve it in the next section but we'll learn how to
use HTP to also store our recipes on a server because that's the downside of our app as it is.
Our data is not persistent.
Whenever we reload the app or restart it on our phone all the data will be lost.
Therefore in the next section we will have a look at how we can store it on a server actually.
Also there are things you can improve besides styling or so on.
You can try adding more features to your recipes and more controls to your recipe for him here.
You can also think about making an alert when clicking the delete recipe button right.
Because right now it simply is the case that if I click on The Lead it's gone.
You can follow an alert to ask if you really want to delete it.
These are tiny little improvements you could work on.
You could also think about when adding an ingredient like meat that you also show an amount field so
that you don't have to use our dummy amount of one which we're using here in onset mate when mapping
Freudian gradients but that you actually allow the user to setter's.
These are all possible improvements and I strongly encourage you to type into them and work with that
to really understand with that and get more practice.
Always consult official documentation if you're having some problems with some of my onic tools components
or you are not sure how to use them.
I'd say let's finish this appier or Lattin has finished a section by see to run on a real device.
So I'll be back with it running on my DeWyze in a second.
I open it an X code again.
I already got my signing certificate signed I do show in the section about running at all real devices
and emulators how to set this up so check out this section and the appropriate iOS lecture in there
to learn how I did this.
And with that I already got my iPhone connected so I can hit enter to now start the app on my iPhone.
Let's see the run there in a second.
So here's the app running on my device.
I'm just mirroring the screen but this is on my actual device.
Let's quickly add a new recipe and I know you want it let's add a schnitzel here.
Also here you see that indeed the keyboard slides up if we enter the input here.
So this is the schnitzel.
And as you know it's very tasty.
So time to make it very tasty here too.
And let's go to the difficulty and set this too hard for now and add ingredients.
This all looks so great.
I'm so happy here.
Let's set these two spaghetti for schnitzel.
Well yeah I guess that's super important.
And let's add another ingredient here.
I want to add French fries schnitzel with french fries and spaghetti.
That is how kings eat.
So let's edit here too.
And with this let me click on shopping list and go back just to demonstrate that this persists so these
are two different navigation stacks I was talking about.
So that's like a new recipe.
Here it is.
Let's use it here.
Looks good.
And well I don't think that spaghetti fit in there.
So let's maybe clear the ingredients and add them again.
And yes there will be another improvement.
Make your ingredients deliverable one by one.
Should be too hard to implement and certainly a nice challenge for you too.
So with that let's add a new ingredient and that would be meat instead of spaghetti.
And of course also the French fries again.
So like this French fries not Grise fries.
Let's save this click added.
Here we are.
This looks much better.
Let me add it to the shopping list.
Here it is.
And I think on my shopping list I definitely need some bread to go with that deliciousness.
So when is enough let's added and I think I have French fries at home so let's check this up.
This is our application working fine.
I don't need to Schnitzler recipe anymore let's deleted gone it is running on my phone.
I really like it.
Again as I mentioned before there are things you can improve.
But I think we have a very good state here.
Let's now move on to the next lecture and dive into some other things like how can we actually authenticate
users in our eye on two application and how can we generally reach out to the Web.
For example on this app you're to store our recipes in or on some server while we're going to dive into
this in the next module